README.md, before:

# DSView 

DSView is an GUI programe for supporting various instruments from [DreamSourceLab](http://www.dreamsourcelab.com), including logic analyzer, oscilloscope, etc. DSView is based on sigrok project.

The sigrok project aims at creating a portable, cross-platform, Free/Libre/Open-Source signal analysis software suite that supports various device types (such as logic analyzers, oscilloscopes, multimeters, and more).

# Status

DSView software is in a usable state and has had official tarball releases. However, it is still work in progress. Some basic functionality is available and working, but other things are still on the TODO list.

# Usefull links

- [dreamsourcelab.com](http://www.dreamsourcelab.com)
- [kickstarter.com](www.kickstarter.com/projects/dreamsourcelab/dslogic-multifunction-instruments-for-everyone)
- [sigrok.org](http://sigrok.org)

# Copyright and license

DSView software is licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License
(GPL), version 3 or later.

While some individual source code files are licensed under the GPLv2+, and
some files are licensed under the GPLv3+, this doesn't change the fact that
the program as a whole is licensed under the terms of the GPLv3+ (e.g. also
due to the fact that it links against GPLv3+ libraries).

Please see the individual source files for the full list of copyright holders.

Commit message:

Update README.md for this fork

README.md, after:

# DSView 0.99upd

Due to DreamSourceLabs deprecating the DSLogic and DSLogic Plus they don't offer any newer software than v0.99. This repo keeps a fork of that version updated to be able to compile on newer versions of compilers and Linux versions.

This is a "Best effort" project. I only test on my own environment.

# Usefull links

- [dreamsourcelab.com](http://www.dreamsourcelab.com)
- [kickstarter.com](www.kickstarter.com/projects/dreamsourcelab/dslogic-multifunction-instruments-for-everyone)
- [sigrok.org](http://sigrok.org)

# Copyright and license

DSView software is licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License
(GPL), version 3 or later.

While some individual source code files are licensed under the GPLv2+, and
some files are licensed under the GPLv3+, this doesn't change the fact that
the program as a whole is licensed under the terms of the GPLv3+ (e.g. also
due to the fact that it links against GPLv3+ libraries).

Please see the individual source files for the full list of copyright holders.
